hey Beck says mom's gonna be so proud
because you made it ourselves hey why
are you taking our breakfast too lazy to
make our own yeah why should I make
breakfast when you got to lunch
hello American children I am a man
philosopher of the american right wing
and faster of the tea party are you
tired of them beggars and homeless
people stealing your hard-earned
breakfast yeah you need to end the
welfare state in your kitchen with I'm
Brad the object a breakfast like my
books every box of I'm brain is
unnecessarily long also it is made with
100% breath because I am so angry that I
am constipated now
coming
every box of wine brand comes with a gun
so that you can defend your cereal from
the Socialists and black people here you
try this is gray hey can I try now you
are learning so go to this store and buy
a box of ein brand for 3 grams of gold
you cannot use dollars for they are
meaningless thanks to the autocrats in
washington and the thieves on Wall
Street and then hippies in Occupy
communist homeless people all the
secondhand have educated a liberal trees
and listed some of Mexicans I'm Brian
altruism is evil but my Syria is good
this hurts you can think Obama